in Papua New Guinea the bowerbird has
lovingly rebuilt and redecorated his
bowel another visitor
this time it's a female this is just
where he wants her time to begin the
show first he expands his pupils
alternately
[Music]
it's an oddly mesmerizing display
a spot of limbering up accompanied by a
weird and wheezy call from deep in his
throat now it's time for his grand
performance he waves his wing like a
Matadors cape she appears to be
transfixed this is certainly eye
catching but it seems he needs to do
more generously she drops him a hint
it's the bird equivalent of a bouquet of
flowers
it's all going so well it's time to get
physical with a few head butts to her
chest one final flourish to cap weeks of
effort but something's wrong his rival
is back and at the worst possible moment
what should he do
for the female the moment has gone
sometimes whatever you do things just
don't work out
[Music]
you